Fix #491: Station/city names disappear on save. (#551)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix: [#158] Pressing shift to build underground tracks automatically builds ten track pieces.
- Fix: [#397] Opening a tutorial crashes the game.
- Fix: [#485] Incorrect position of exhaust smoke on vehicles.

> - Fix: [#491] Station/City names disappear on saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#491] Station/city name labels are hidden from viewport on saving.
```
